Update software.rst (#1269)
minio/docs: source/operations/checklists/software.rst

       Check with your operating system's documentation for how to synchronize time with a time server.

   * - :octicon:`circle`

>      - Disable system services that index, scan, or audit the filesystem, system-level calls, or kernel-level calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Disable system services that index, scan, or audit the filesystem, system-level calls, or kernel-level calls.
```

       These services can reduce performance due to resource contention or interception of MinIO operations.

>        The following is a non-exhaustive list of services or softwares which should be disabled on hosts running MinIO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       MinIO strongly recommends disabling at least the following services on hosts running MinIO:
```

Author: :thinking: 'at least' implies there is more, which is true. And now that I Think of it either way we're inviting the question. maybe:

```suggestion
      MinIO strongly recommends uninstalling or disabling the following services on hosts running MinIO:

       - ``mlocate`` or ``plocate``
       - ``updatedb``
       - ``auditd``
       - ``fstrim``
       - Crowdstrike Falcon

>        - Antivirus (``clamav``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Antivirus (``clamav``)
       
       This is not a complete list of all services or software that may have similar impact.
```

Author: Hm.

```suggestion
      The above list represents the most common services or softwares known to cause performance or behavioral issues with high performance systems like MinIO.
      Consider removing or disabling any other service or software which functions similarly to those listed above on MinIO hosts.
```

>        You can alternatively configure these services to ignore or exclude the MinIO Server process and *all* drives or drive paths accessed by MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Alternatively, configure these services to ignore or exclude the MinIO Server process and *all* drives or drive paths accessed by MinIO.
```
